Adds docs for resolvers (#2084)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/guides/dependencies.md

org.postgresql:postgresql:42.2.8
```

### Repositories

> Sometimes dependencies are published into non-standard repositories, like nightly builds published to Sonatype Snapshots. Scala CLI can use additional maven and ivy repositories with  `repository` directive or `--reposiroty` command line options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes dependencies are published into non-standard repositories, like nightly builds published to Sonatype Snapshots. Scala CLI can use additional maven and ivy repositories with the `repository` directive or `--repository` command line options:
```

```scala
//> using repository sonatype:snapshots
```

or

> ```scala-cli --repository "https://maven-central.storage-download.googleapis.com/maven2"```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```bash ignore
scala-cli --repository "https://maven-central.storage-download.googleapis.com/maven2"
```
````

> Both directive and command line option accepts predefined repository definition (see below) or an URL to the root of Maven repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both directive and command line option accept predefined repository definitions (see below) or a URL of the root of the Maven repository.
```

> Repositories may be also resolved from `COURSIER_REPOSITORIES` environment variable but this is not recommended (more in [Coursier documentation](https://get-coursier.io/docs/other-repositories)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories can also be resolved from the `COURSIER_REPOSITORIES` environment variable, but this is not recommended (more in [Coursier documentation](https://get-coursier.io/docs/other-repositories)).
```

#### Predefined repositories

| predefined repository | kind | description  |
| ---------- | ---- | --- |
| central | Maven [(root)](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2) | Used by default, default repository for most Scala libraries |
| sonatype:snapshots | Maven [(root)](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots) | Repositories where most Scala libraries publish its snapshots / nightly builds. Used when `X.nightly` is used as Scala version e.g. `3.1.nightly`. |
| ivy2local | Ivy | Local ivy repository, used to publish things locally (e.g. by `publishLocal`). Localized in `<ivy-home>/local`, usually `<user-home>/.ivy/local`.    |
| m2Local | Maven | Local maven repository, localized in `<user-home>/.m2/repository` |

> Scala CLI delegate parsing of predefined repositories to Coursier and full details can be obtains from Coursier source code ([here](https://github.com/coursier/coursier/blob/2444eebcc151e0f6927e269137e8737c1f31cbe2/modules/coursier/jvm/src/main/scala/coursier/LocalRepositories.scala) and [here](https://github.com/coursier/coursier/blob/2444eebcc151e0f6927e269137e8737c1f31cbe2/modules/coursier/shared/src/main/scala/coursier/internal/SharedRepositoryParser.scala))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scala CLI delegates parsing of predefined repositories to Coursier and full details can be obtains from Coursier source code ([here](https://github.com/coursier/coursier/blob/2444eebcc151e0f6927e269137e8737c1f31cbe2/modules/coursier/jvm/src/main/scala/coursier/LocalRepositories.scala) and [here](https://github.com/coursier/coursier/blob/2444eebcc151e0f6927e269137e8737c1f31cbe2/modules/coursier/shared/src/main/scala/coursier/internal/SharedRepositoryParser.scala))
```
